Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
As you go. you're gonna
learn a lot about me.
I don't care what you write.
I'll help you tell the truth.
This is the actual
where I went in the home.
where my mother abandoned me.
The most torturous place…
Like that old lady. she'd scald my hands.
And then she pushed my head in the closet.
They was beating my feet. I couldn't walk.
They swelled up.
Boys raped me. beat me.
made me be their slave and all that.
When they bathed me
with certain boys.
they'd take two fingers and shove it up.
And they'd get away with it
because I'm small.
When I ran away. I joined
the army. drifted around the country.
and had to steal everywhere I went.
And then I got accused of a crime.
and then went to prison.
was abused
I sure am convicted
of molestation. rape. kidnap.
And they had no proof of that.
You know that. don't you?
They don't have no proof.
witness or something that says…
they saw me taking pictures
of somebody with spread legs.
Don't you get what I'm saying?
Listen…
She was a darling.
And was so smart. and…
Listen. she loved me no matter what.